Consul - Update v4 docs about Metadata (#302)
SteeltoeOSS/Documentation: api/v4/discovery/hashicorp-consul.md

| `InstanceId` | The instance id registered for service. | computed |
| `Tags` | The list of tags used when registering a service. | none |
| `DefaultQueryTag` | Tag to query for in service list if one is not listed in serverListQueryTags. | none |

> | `Meta` | The metadata used when registering a service. | none |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Meta` | The metadata used when registering a service. | see [Configuring Metadata](#configuring-metadata)|
```
